en: update dm-master config doc for 2.0 (#36)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/dm-master-configuration-file.md

# DM-master Configuration File

> This document introduces the configuration of DM-master, including a configuration file template and instructions about what the configuration parameters mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document introduces the configuration of DM-master, including a configuration file template and a description of each configuration parameter in this file.
```

## Configuration file template

The following is a configuration file template of DM-master.

```toml
name = "dm-master"

# log configuration
log-level = "info"
log-file = "dm-master.log"

# DM-master listening address
master-addr = ":8261"
advertise-addr = "127.0.0.1:8261"

# URLs for peer traffic
peer-urls = "http://127.0.0.1:8291"
advertise-peer-urls = "http://127.0.0.1:8291"

# cluster configuration
initial-cluster = "master1=http://127.0.0.1:8291,master2=http://127.0.0.1:8292,master3=http://127.0.0.1:8293"
join = ""
```

## Configuration parameters

### Global configuration

| Parameter        | Description                                    |
| :------------ | :--------------------------------------- |

> | `name` | Identifies a DM-master. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | Marks a DM-master name. |
```

| `log-level` | Specifies a log level from `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `fatal`. The default log level is `info`. |

> | `log-file` | Specifies the log file directory. If not specified, the logs are printed onto the standard output. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `log-file` | Specifies the log file directory. If the parameter is not specified, the logs are printed onto the standard output. |
```
